First update (#1)
OWASP/www-project-wrongsecrets: index.md

---

layout: col-sidebar
title: OWASP WrongSecrets
tags: wrongsecrets
level: 2
type: tool
pitch: Examples with how to not use secrets

---
![Github Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/commjoen/wrongsecrets?label=Stars%20WrongSecrets&style=social)
[![OWASP Incubator Project](https://img.shields.io/badge/OWASP-Incubator%20project-48A646.svg)](https://owasp.org/projects/)
[![Release version](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/commjoen/wrongsecrets)](https://github.com/commjoen/wrongsecrets/releases/latest)

> OWASP Wrongsecrets is the first Secrets Management focused vulnerable/p0wnable app! It can be used in security trainings, awareness demo's and as a testing environment for secret detection tools, and bad practice detection tooling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OWASP WrongSecrets is the first Secrets Management-focused vulnerable/p0wnable app! It can be used in security trainings, awareness demos, as a test environment for secret detection tools, and bad practice detection tooling.
```

![Image](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/commjoen/wrongsecrets/master/screenshot.png)

## Description

> WrongSecrets is based on Java, Docker, Terraform, HCL and a bit of scripting fun. It contains more than 10 exercises with various "hidden" secrets which you need to find and enter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WrongSecrets is based on Java, Docker, Terraform, and a bit of scripting fun. It contains more than 10 exercises with various "hidden" secrets - which you need to find.
```
